[docs][PLAT-6523] Added troubleshooting guide for YBA k8s installation (#15395)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/troubleshoot/install-upgrade-issues/kubernetes.md

---
title: Install and upgrade issues on K8s
headerTitle: Install and upgrade issues on K8s
linkTitle: Install and upgrade issues
description: Troubleshoot issues encountered when installing or upgrading YugabyteDB Anywhere on K8s.
menu:
  preview_yugabyte-platform:
    identifier: install-upgrade-kubernetes-issues
    parent: troubleshoot-yp
    weight: 10
type: docs
---

<ul class="nav nav-tabs-alt nav-tabs-yb">

  <li>
    <a href="../vm/" class="nav-link">
      <i class="fa-solid fa-building"></i>
      VM
    </a>
  </li>

  <li>
    <a href="../kubernetes/" class="nav-link">
      <i class="fa-regular fa-dharmachakra" aria-hidden="true"></i>
      Kubernetes
    </a>
  </li>

</ul>

You might encounter issues during installation and upgrade of YugabyteDB Anywhere.

If you experience difficulties while troubleshooting, contact [Yugabyte Support](https://support.yugabyte.com).

## Unable to schedule a pod once

> There can be multiple reasons behind the failure of pod scheduling for YBA pods. The following can be the reasons behind it.

Reviewer: Let's link to https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/#kube-scheduler-implementation

> ### Do we have ample resources?

Reviewer: minor: sufficient resources

**Symptom**

YBA pods are in the Pending state.

**Debug**

You can use the following commands to check the information about the pod. For more information, see [Kubernetes Troubleshooting guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/#specify-a-cpu-request-that-is-too-big-for-your-nodes).

  ```sh

>   kubectl get pods -n <NAMESPACE>

Reviewer: this would be good to have in the Symptom section

  ## output
  ## NAME                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
  ## yw-test-yugaware-0   0/4     Pending   0          2m30s

  kubectl describe pod <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE>

  ## output
  ## Events:
  ##   Type     Reason             Age                From                Message
  ##   ----     ------             ----               ----                -------
  ##   Warning  FailedScheduling   56s                default-scheduler   0/2 nodes are available: 2 Insufficient cpu.
  ```

**Resolution**

1. Please ensure you have enough resources in the kubernetes cluster to schedule the YBA pods. For more information, see [Prerequisites](https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prerequisites/#hardware-requirements)

2. Modify the YBA pods resources configuration. Follow to understand the [YBA resources configuration](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#customize-yugabytedb-anywhere) overrides.

### Node selectors/Taints & Tolerations/Affinity

> 

Author: Okay. Will update.

We can schedule YBA pods on the particular nodes as required. We might see pods in the Pending state if the scheduler fails to figure out a node because pods need to match the labels or taints.
- For [Node Selector](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#nodeselector)
- For [Affinity](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#zoneaffinity)
- For [Taints & Tolerations](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#toleration)

### Is StorageClass VolumeBindingMode set to WaitForFirstConsumer?

> 

Author: Will update.

> 

Reviewer: The error probably looks like

```
  Warning  FailedScheduling   75s (x40 over 55m)    default-scheduler   0/55 nodes are available: 19 Insufficient cpu, 36 node(s) didn't match Pod's node affinity/selector
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @baba230896 please add the output given by Sanketh to the symptom section.

  ```

- Get information for particular storage class

  ```sh
  ## Considering standard named storage class exists in the cluster.
  kubectl describe storageclass standard

  ## output
  ## Name:                  standard
  ## IsDefaultClass:        Yes
  ## Annotations:           storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class=true
  ## Provisioner:           kubernetes.io/gce-pd
  ## Parameters:            type=pd-standard
  ## AllowVolumeExpansion:  True
  ## MountOptions:          <none>
  ## ReclaimPolicy:         Delete
  ## VolumeBindingMode:     Immediate
  ## Events:                <none>
  ```

**Resolution**

Ensure the `StorageClass` used during YBA deployment should have `WaitForFirstConsumer` as `VolumeBindingMode`. Use the following command snippet to update the `VolumeBindingMode` of a `StorageClass`.

  ```sh
  ## Considering standard named storage class exists in the cluster.
  kubectl get storageclass standard -ojson | jq '.volumeBindingMode="WaitForFirstConsumer" | del(.metadata.managedFields, .metadata.creationTimestamp, .metadata.resourceVersion, .metadata.uid)' | kubectl replace --force -f -
  ```

## Fix ImagePullBackOff/ErrImagePull Error

**Symptom**

> Kubernetes pods sometimes encounter this issue when it fails to pull the container images from a secured container registry. If an error occurs during the pull, the pod goes into the `ImagePullBackOff` state. For more information, see [ImagePullBackOff](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#imagepullbackoff).

Reviewer: minor: private container registry

Reviewer: would be good to show the ImagePullBackoff error log in kubectl get pods

  ##   Normal   SuccessfulAttachVolume  81s                 attachdetach-controller  AttachVolume.Attach succeeded for volume "pvc-8e7187b8-a755-43f5-964e-021ad8c41be5"
  ##   Normal   Pulling                 25s (x3 over 75s)   kubelet                  Pulling image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90"
  ##   Warning  Failed                  22s (x3 over 72s)   kubelet                  Failed to pull image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90": rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed to pull and unpack image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90": failed to resolve reference "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90": pulling from host quay.io failed with status code [manifests 2.16.0.0-b90]: 401 UNAUTHORIZED
  ##   Warning  Failed                  22s (x3 over 72s)   kubelet                  Error: ErrImagePull
  ##   Normal   BackOff                 7s (x3 over 72s)    kubelet                  Back-off pulling image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90"
  ##   Warning  Failed                  7s (x3 over 72s)    kubelet                  Error: ImagePullBackOff
  ```

**Resolution**

> - In case of **Bad pull secret / no pull secret** - You need a pull secret to fetch the images from Yugabyte Quay.io and ensure you have applied the same in the namespace, which will use to install YBA.

Reviewer: +1, we can ask them to verify that a secret with that exact name exists.

  ```properties
   --set additionAllowedCorsOrigins:'https://mylbdomain'
  ```

## Load Balancer + EKS

Sometimes the default Amazon Web Services (AWS) load balancer brought up in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) by the YugabyteDB Anywhere Helm chart is not suitable for your setup, you can use the following settings to customize the [AWS load balancer controller](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/v2.2/guide/service/annotations/) behavior.
  - `aws-load-balancer-scheme` can be set to `internal` or `internet-facing` string value.
  - `aws-load-balancer-backend-protocol` and `aws-load-balancer-healthcheck-protocol` should be set to the `http` string value.

  Consider the following sample configuration:

  ```properties
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type: "ip"
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme: "internet-facing"
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-backend-protocol: "http"
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-healthcheck-protocol: "http"

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Honestly, I'm not sure if this should be there in troubleshooting section. This should be somewhere in the installation settings (which I'm working on). I think you can remove it from here.

Author: Make sense.

## Is the load balancer up?

> ### Is a load balancer controller avail?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Is a load balancer controller available?
```

> 

Author: Will update.

> 

Reviewer: Agree that in the Symptom section, we can show that kubectl describe on the LB service shows pending. In the resolution, we could say
1. Make sure a load balancer controller is available
2. In minikube, make sure to run minikube tunnel
3. For other environments, please follow the debugging process for load balancers in your environment

Most cloud providers provide the load balancer controller to serve the load balancer type service. You need to install the controller manually in case of its absence, or else the load balancer service wouldn't work as intended. For GKE, see [GKE Ingress](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress#overview).

### Public IP quota

> You might experience Public IP not associated with the load balancer if you exceed the Public IP quota limit.

Reviewer: This can be part of the resolution in the above section - check that you haven't exceeded the quota for static IPs in the LoadBalancer IP range.

> ## Unable to expand PVC

Reviewer 2: This is not supported for YBA at least. So what we could show is the error which helm gives when we change the volume size, and say that currently it is not possible to expand the volume via a helm operation.
Or it is possible in YBA? Because we create a PVC separately?

Reviewer: Agree - if we cannot expand this PVC without recreating the statefulset, we should just say that. Does simply changing the volume size work? If just changing the helm value doesn't work, we can say something like

```
In general, resizing a storage volume created through a statefulset is challenging and not recommended. In cases where no other option exists, please follow steps similar to those documented at https://www.howtogeek.com/devops/how-to-resize-a-kubernetes-statefulsets-volumes/ to resize the storage volume and recreate the statefulset.
```

**Symptom**

> You will see the error related to unable to expand the PVC.

Reviewer: this probably won't happen during installation, we could skip this problem.

Author: AFAIK we are using the same document for upgrade issues.

**Debug**

The following parameter should be set to `true` to expand the PVC. You can verify the parameter using following command.

```sh
## The following command should return true
kubectl get storageclass standard -o json | jq '.allowVolumeExpansion'

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to show the exact error, where to see the detailed error in events, logs etc.

## Unable to schedule a pod

There can be multiple reasons behind the failure of pod scheduling for YBA pods. The following can be the reasons behind it. Follow to read about [Node selection in kube-scheduler](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/#kube-scheduler-implementation).

### Do we have sufficient resources?

**Symptom**

YBA pods are in the Pending state.

```sh
## NAME                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
## yw-test-yugaware-0   0/4     Pending   0          2m30s
```

**Debug**

You can use the following commands to check the information about the pod. For more information, see [Kubernetes Troubleshooting guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/#specify-a-cpu-request-that-is-too-big-for-your-nodes).

  ```sh
  kubectl describe pod <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE>

  ## output
  ## Events:
  ##   Type     Reason             Age                From                Message
  ##   ----     ------             ----               ----                -------
  ##   Warning  FailedScheduling   56s                default-scheduler   0/2 nodes are available: 2 Insufficient cpu.
  ```

**Resolution**

> 1. Please ensure you have enough resources in the kubernetes cluster to schedule the YBA pods. For more information, see [Prerequisites](https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prerequisites/#hardware-requirements)

Reviewer 2: This should be linked to new Kubernetes specific section. 
https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prerequisites/#kubernetes-based-installations

We use relative links in the docs, so this should be (not tested).
```
../../../install-yugabyte-platform/prerequisites/#kubernetes-based-installations
```

> 2. Modify the YBA pods resources configuration. Follow the [YBA resources configuration](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#customize-yugabytedb-anywhere) to understand overrides.

Reviewer 2: Should link to new section:
```
../../../install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#modify-resources
```

### Node selectors/Taints & Tolerations/Affinity

**Symptom**

> 

Reviewer 2: We should mention here what user is supposed to see, instead of just the output of command. Also it would be better to specify the command which needs to be run to get the output shown here.

You will see...

```sh
Warning  FailedScheduling   75s (x40 over 55m)    default-scheduler   0/55 nodes are available: 19 Insufficient cpu, 36 node(s) didn't match Pod's node affinity/selector
```

**Resolution**

We can schedule YBA pods on the particular nodes as required. We might see pods in the Pending state if the scheduler fails to figure out a node because pods need to match the labels or taints.
- For [Node Selector](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#nodeselector)
- For [Affinity](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#zoneaffinity)

> - For [Taints & Tolerations](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#toleration)

Reviewer 2: Links should be relative.

  ## premium-rwo          pd.csi.storage.gke.io   Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   418d
  ## standard (default)   kubernetes.io/gce-pd    Delete          Immediate              true                   418d
  ## standard-rwo         pd.csi.storage.gke.io   Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   true                   418d
  ```

- Get information for particular storage class

  ```sh
  ## Considering standard named storage class exists in the cluster.
  kubectl describe storageclass standard

  ## output
  ## Name:                  standard
  ## IsDefaultClass:        Yes
  ## Annotations:           storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class=true
  ## Provisioner:           kubernetes.io/gce-pd
  ## Parameters:            type=pd-standard
  ## AllowVolumeExpansion:  True
  ## MountOptions:          <none>
  ## ReclaimPolicy:         Delete
  ## VolumeBindingMode:     Immediate
  ## Events:                <none>
  ```

**Resolution**

Ensure the `StorageClass` used during YBA deployment should have `WaitForFirstConsumer` as `VolumeBindingMode`. Use the following command snippet to update the `VolumeBindingMode` of a `StorageClass`.

  ```sh

>   ## Considering standard named storage class exists in the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Considering a storage class named standard exists in the cluster.
```

>   kubectl get storageclass standard -ojson | jq '.volumeBindingMode="WaitForFirstConsumer" | del(.metadata.managedFields, .metadata.creationTimestamp, .metadata.resourceVersion, .metadata.uid)' | kubectl replace --force -f -

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  kubectl get storageclass standard -ojson \
    | jq '.volumeBindingMode="WaitForFirstConsumer" | del(.metadata.managedFields, .metadata.creationTimestamp, .metadata.resourceVersion, .metadata.uid)' \
    | kubectl replace --force -f -
```

  ```

> 

Reviewer: It would be good to have a high level section similar to the first one ("unable to schedule pod").

The overall structure could be

## Pods wasn't scheduled
### Resources
### affinity ...
## Pod was scheduled but is not running
### image pull secret
### crash loop back off
## Pod is running but load balancer service is not ready
### EKS controller
### load balancer in pending state
## Other issues
### CORS
...

  ## output
  ## Events:
  ##   Type     Reason                  Age                 From                     Message
  ##   ----     ------                  ----                ----                     -------
  ##   Normal   Pulling                 25s (x3 over 75s)   kubelet                  Pulling image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90"
  ##   Warning  Failed                  22s (x3 over 72s)   kubelet                  Failed to pull image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90": rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed to pull and unpack image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90": failed to resolve reference "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90": pulling from host quay.io failed with status code [manifests 2.16.0.0-b90]: 401 UNAUTHORIZED
  ##   Warning  Failed                  22s (x3 over 72s)   kubelet                  Error: ErrImagePull
  ##   Normal   BackOff                 7s (x3 over 72s)    kubelet                  Back-off pulling image "quay.io/yugabyte/yugaware:2.16.0.0-b90"
  ##   Warning  Failed                  7s (x3 over 72s)    kubelet                  Error: ImagePullBackOff
  ```

**Resolution**

> - In case of **Bad pull secret / no pull secret / Bad pull secret name** - You need a pull secret to fetch the images from Yugabyte Quay.io and ensure you have applied the same in the namespace, which will use to install YBA. It will default look for the following named `yugabyte-k8s-pull-secret` secret. For more information, see [values.yaml](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/blob/24a8dcf3a4c33153477e3e3ba82f9f4b6e2967a5/stable/yugaware/values.yaml#L16).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In case of **Bad pull secret / no pull secret / Bad pull secret name** - You need a pull secret to fetch the images from Yugabyte Quay.io registry and ensure you have applied the same in the namespace, which will be used to install YBA. It will look for a secret with name `yugabyte-k8s-pull-secret` by default. For more information, see [values.yaml](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/blob/24a8dcf3a4c33153477e3e3ba82f9f4b6e2967a5/stable/yugaware/values.yaml#L16).
```

## Pods are in CrashLoopBackOff

**Symptom**

There can be multiple reasons behind `CrashLoopBackOff`. YBA pod can crash due to some internal application error.

```sh
## NAME                             READY   STATUS             RESTARTS   AGE
## yugabyte-platform-1-yugaware-0   3/4     CrashLoopBackOff   2          4d14h
```

**Debug**

You can use `kubectl` to analyze the situation. We need to check YBA logs to understand the failure.

- Describe the YBA pod facing `CrashLoopBackOff`. Check for `Events`.

  ```sh
  kubectl describe pods <YBA-POD-NAME> -n <NAMESPACE>
  ```

- Check the logs for particular container

  ```sh
  ## yugabytedb anywhere
  kubectl logs <YBA-POD-NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c yugaware

  ## postgres
  kubectl logs <YBA-POD-NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c postgres
  ```

## CORS error while accessing YBA through LB

> You might experience the issue while accessing the YugabyteDB Anywhere through a load balancer. You can define the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) domain configuration by setting the [additionAllowedCorsOrigins](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/blob/master/stable/yugaware/values.yaml#L66) value to the new domain involved. For example, you would add the following to the appropriate Helm command.
> 
>   ```properties
>    --set additionAllowedCorsOrigins:'https://mylbdomain'
>   ```

Reviewer 2: ``````suggestion
**Symptom**
You might experience the issue while accessing the YugabyteDB Anywhere through a load balancer. Initial setup or any login will not work, or it will give you a blank screen.

**Debug**
Check the developer tools of your browser for any errors. Also, check the logs of YugabyteDB Anywhere pod, as follows:

```sh
kubectl logs <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c yugaware
```

```
2023-01-09T10:48:08.898Z [warn] 57fe083d-6ebb-49ab-bbaa-5e6576040d62
AbstractCORSPolicy.scala:311
[application-akka.actor.default-dispatcher-10275]
play.filters.cors.CORSFilter Invalid CORS
request;Origin=Some(https://localhost:8080);Method=POST;Access-Control-Request-Headers=None
```

**Resolution**

Set the correct domain name(s) during Helm install or upgrade by following [Set DNS name](../../../install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#set-dns-name)
``````

## Load Balancer + EKS

> If the load balancer is not working as intended for internet facing, see [EKS + Load Balancer](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prepare-environment/kubernetes/).

Reviewer: This link doesn't have anything related to eks? Maybe we just need to rebase?

Also, should we say "if an EKS internet-facing load balancer is unable to be created, see ... "?

> If the load balancer is not working as intended for internet facing, see [EKS + Load Balancer](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prepare-environment/kubernetes/).

Reviewer 2: Let's keep the old text for now. We probably need to test things with the AWS load balancer controller and then come to a conclusion.

<!--
Sometimes the default Amazon Web Services (AWS) load balancer brought up in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) by the YugabyteDB Anywhere Helm chart is not suitable for your setup, you can use the following settings to customize the [AWS load balancer controller](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/v2.2/guide/service/annotations/) behavior.
  - `aws-load-balancer-scheme` can be set to `internal` or `internet-facing` string value.
  - `aws-load-balancer-backend-protocol` and `aws-load-balancer-healthcheck-protocol` should be set to the `http` string value.

  Consider the following sample configuration:

  ```properties
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type: "ip"
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme: "internet-facing"
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-backend-protocol: "http"
  service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-healthcheck-protocol: "http"
  ```
-->

## Is the load balancer in a Pending state?

**Symptom**

You will see the Load Balancer IP assignment in the Pending state. There can be multiple reasons for it.

- Absence of the load balancer controller
- Exceeds the Public IP quota

> 

Reviewer 2: Need command and output here as well. You can create a LB and immediately run `get svc`, you will see the external IP field as pending.

**Debug**

- Most cloud providers provide the load balancer controller to serve the load balancer type service. You need to verify whether the cluster has the load balancer controller.

**Resolution**

> - In case of the absence of a load balancer controller in GKE, follow the [GKE Ingress Guide](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress#overview).
> 
> - You might experience Public IP not associated with the load balancer if you exceed the Public IP quota limit.
> 
> - In case of Minikube, make sure to run the [minikube tunnel](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/commands/tunnel/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In case of the absence of a load balancer controller in GKE, follow the [GKE Ingress Guide](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress#overview).
- You might experience Public IP not associated with the load balancer if you exceed the Public IP quota limit.
- In case of Minikube, make sure to run the [minikube tunnel](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/commands/tunnel/).
```

## Unable to expand PVC

**Symptom**

> You will see the error related to unable to expand the PVC.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to show the exact error, where to see the detailed error in events, logs, what command to run, etc. Similar to other sections we have.

**Debug**

The following parameter should be set to `true` to expand the PVC. You can verify the parameter using following command.

```sh
## The following command should return true
kubectl get storageclass standard -o json | jq '.allowVolumeExpansion'
```

**Resolution**

You can use following command to set the `allowVolumeExpansion` to `true`.

```sh

> kubectl get storageclass <STORAGE_CLASS> -o json | jq '.allowVolumeExpansion=true | del(.metadata.managedFields, .metadata.creationTimestamp, .metadata.resourceVersion, .metadata.uid)' | kubectl replace --force -f -

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl get storageclass <STORAGE_CLASS> -o json \
  | jq '.allowVolumeExpansion=true | del(.metadata.managedFields, .metadata.creationTimestamp, .metadata.resourceVersion, .metadata.uid)' \
  | kubectl replace --force -f -
```

- For **Unable to pull image** - Ensure the kubernetes nodes have connectivity to Quay.io, or you should have images in the local registry. For more information, see [pull and push yugabytedb docker images to private container registry](https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prerequisites/#pull-and-push-yugabytedb-docker-images-to-private-container-registry).

### Pods are in CrashLoopBackOff

**Symptom**

There can be multiple reasons behind `CrashLoopBackOff`. YBA pod can crash due to some internal application error.

```sh
kubectl get pod -n <NAMESPACE>
```

```sh
NAME                             READY   STATUS             RESTARTS   AGE
yugabyte-platform-1-yugaware-0   3/4     CrashLoopBackOff   2          4d14h
```

**Debug**

You can use `kubectl` to analyze the situation. We need to check YBA logs to understand the failure.

- Describe the YBA pod facing `CrashLoopBackOff`. Check for `Events`.

  ```sh
  kubectl describe pods <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE>
  ```

- Check the logs for particular container

  ```sh
  # yugabytedb anywhere

>   kubectl logs <YBA-POD-NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c yugaware
> 
>   # postgres
>   kubectl logs <YBA-POD-NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c postgres

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  kubectl logs <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c yugaware

  # postgres
  kubectl logs <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c postgres
```

**Resolution**

- In case of the absence of a load balancer controller in GKE, follow the [GKE Ingress Guide](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress#overview).
- You might experience Public IP not associated with the load balancer if you exceed the Public IP quota limit.
- In case of Minikube, make sure to run the [minikube tunnel](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/commands/tunnel/).

## Other issues

### CORS error while accessing YBA through LB

**Symptom**

You might experience the issue while accessing the YugabyteDB Anywhere through a load balancer. Initial setup or any login will not work, or it will give you a blank screen.

**Debug**

- Check the developer tools of your browser for any errors. Also, check the logs of YugabyteDB Anywhere pod, as follows:
  ```sh
  kubectl logs <POD_NAME> -n <NAMESPACE> -c yugaware
  ```

  ```
  2023-01-09T10:48:08.898Z [warn] 57fe083d-6ebb-49ab-bbaa-5e6576040d62
  AbstractCORSPolicy.scala:311
  [application-akka.actor.default-dispatcher-10275]
  play.filters.cors.CORSFilter Invalid CORS
  request;Origin=Some(https://localhost:8080);Method=POST;Access-Control-Request-Headers=None
  ```

**Resolution**

> - Set the correct domain name(s) during Helm install or upgrade by following [Set DNS name](../../../install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#set-dns-name)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the correct domain name(s) during Helm install or upgrade by following [Set a DNS name](../../../install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#set-a-dns-name).
```

### Unable to expand PVC

**Symptom**

Unable to expand the PVC using `helm upgrade` and end up with the following error.

```sh
Error: UPGRADE FAILED: cannot patch "yw-test-yugaware-storage" with kind PersistentVolumeClaim: persistentvolumeclaims "yw-test-yugaware-storage" is forbidden: only dynamically provisioned pvc can be resized and the storageclass that provisions the pvc must support resize
```

**Debug**

- Describe the storage class to check the following `AllowVolumeExpansion` parameter.

  ```sh
  # Ex: kubectl describe sc test-sc
  kubectl describe sc <STORAGE_CLASS>
  ```

  ```sh

>   Name:            test-sc
>   IsDefaultClass:  No
>   Provisioner:           kubernetes.io/gce-pd
>   Parameters:            type=pd-standard
>   AllowVolumeExpansion:  False
>   MountOptions:          <none>
>   ReclaimPolicy:         Delete
>   VolumeBindingMode:     Immediate
>   Events:                <none>
>   ```

Reviewer 2: ``````suggestion
  Name:                  test-sc
  IsDefaultClass:        No
  Provisioner:           kubernetes.io/gce-pd
  Parameters:            type=pd-standard
  AllowVolumeExpansion:  False
  MountOptions:          <none>
  ReclaimPolicy:         Delete
  VolumeBindingMode:     Immediate
  Events:                <none>
  ```
``````
